### 110425

Created a ServerWorld object which will be wired up to the JPNET autoloader to handle all physics rendering. This will be a dumb simulator which passes snapshots with all data to players. Clients will only understand their position as of now.

Next step for next working day, get the ServerWorld wired up into JPNET and figure out how to clean up the Main / TileMapLayer setup that is currently in place. We may need to write a ClientWorld object which handles all of the client side data. Once the server is setup to understand everything that needs to render down to the clients, all of the polish will be done at client level.

As of now things are looking good, and I understand the netcode a lot better, as I was able to write the ServerWorld struct entirely on my own. With some tweaks of course for proper programmatic form at ease of use.

More to come

#### Goals:

- Spawn zombies on server side.
- Register hits and damage to zombies, shared across all clients.
- Procedurally Generated Map.
- Potentially Show at Incubator Showcase.

#### TODO:

- Setup TileMapLayer physics to collide with players
- Client interpolation across the tickrate.
- Build a server->client snapshot format
- Procedurally Generate map, sync and spawn
- Implement set spawn points up to max players in instantiated room
- Animate Sprites

#### Completed:

_completed 103025_

- github repo setup, file structure, readme, .gitignore.

_completed 110225_

- Allow up to 4 players to connect to a **HEADLESS** server.
- bulletproof multiplayer engine: create Net.gd autoload to handle all RPC calls.
- Broadcast serverstate on a fixed tickrate.
- Create RPCs for join and leaving to clean up server loads
- Clamp input to not allow runaway vector inputs.

_completed 110425_

- Create ServerWorld which handles simulations of gameplay (utilizing godot physics)

  JP
