### 111725

Had some time after dealing with organic chemistry to work on the collision system, had a weird ghost collider system, where the Main object, was double spawning player nodes on the Server, this was due to a deferred start_server() call, wherein is_server is set to true in the start_server() function. I just set the autoload conditional is_server = true right after the CLI reads the OS args.

Onto the next thing, lets put some cameras onto our client players and get them wired up right. I could also work on some artwork for our prototype, thinking small player models, with a rotatable gun? almost like 'madness interactive,' That or make specific sprites for all 8 directions of motion. Will return here.

Had a good week, college visit at NJMS on thursday, Friday dad is in town, and might come to check out astrophysics class. Thursday night as well my students have their playtest demo, which should be a good time.

#### Goals:

- Spawn zombies on server side.
- Register hits and damage to zombies, shared across all clients.
- Procedurally Generated Map.
- Potentially Show at Incubator Showcase.

#### TODO:

- Camera additions for free roaming (will need to ensure non-jittering)
- Client interpolation across the tickrate.
- Build a server->client snapshot format
- Procedurally Generate map, sync and spawn
- Implement set spawn points up to max players in instantiated room
- Animate Sprites

#### Completed:

_completed 103025_

- github repo setup, file structure, readme, .gitignore.

_completed 110225_

- Allow up to 4 players to connect to a **HEADLESS** server.
- bulletproof multiplayer engine: create Net.gd autoload to handle all RPC calls.
- Broadcast serverstate on a fixed tickrate.
- Create RPCs for join and leaving to clean up server loads
- Clamp input to not allow runaway vector inputs.

_completed 110425_

- Create ServerWorld which handles simulations of gameplay (utilizing godot physics)

_completed 111725_

- Setup TileMapLayer physics to collide with players

_completed 111825_

- Fix players colliding with one another, should maximize player movement.

  JP
